2). Tell me about your Work Experience  
Ans :- I don’t have any formal work experience but I got hands-on experience building projects at Masai School.”
“I worked on interesting projects like the clones of travelix and Google Garage . I got to use HTML, CSS, 
and JavaScript extensively during these projects. 

3)Your Professional Strengths
I am honestly at work. If  I receive a work/task that I understand is my own work , 
I'll fully focus on hard work to do rather than completely before a given deadline.

2.Your Professional Weaknesses
Ans :-  My weakness is a Fear of Public Speaking.
Anybody is not perfect, they have some weakness, I have a fear of public speaking 
because I never spoke in public.So I participate in public function,place. It is a very important area but I am working on it. 

4). Your Future Goals/ Where do you see yourself in the next 5 years? /  What are your career Objectives? 
Ans :-My short term goal is to join  a reputable company such as yours where I can develop my skills while contributing to
 the growth of the organization. In the long run, I would like to see myself taking on additional responsibilities with
 the position of a senior developer in the company.

5) Which project that you did at Masai School did you find the most challenging and why? 
Ans :-My project is a clone of the travelix website. It is a tourism website which provides details for planning one’s 
holiday and travel to the best tourist places across the globe.We  executed this project in 6 days. My team had  3 members.
I led the team, created about-us, contect section parts and managed the whole code on GitHub. 
I used HTML, CSS, javascript and GitHub. 
I was faced with the challenge of managing the whole code of GitHub because I was not friendly with GitHub at that time. 
My laptop was not working on GitHub but I found a solution and worked well. At the end of that project, 
I learned to manage the whole code on GitHub , collaborate in a team and communicate with team members because 
it was the first time we worked remotely. 

6). Why do you want to work for our company? 
Ans:-This is a growing Company , good market value. I got to know the good culture, working enrollment here. 
If i join this company  i believe, i could fulfill our goal.

9).  What does your perfect day / workday look like? Take me through it. 
Ans :-Whenever I get any project/work/assgment and 
I have been able to complete it on time  that day was definitely satisfying for me.

11). What has been your experience at Masai school ? 
Ans:- Masai is a very reputed  institute. They are providing very good programs,they have played a major part in
 our growth and in our learning.

12). Why should we hire you ? / Why do you think you are eligible for this job? / How can you contribute? / 
How will you be an asset for our company?
Ans:-I believe in whatever skillset. I have developed can be very beneficial to-wards the organization goal if I join,
 me and the organization both would get benefitted from this.

19. What is your greatest professional / personal achievement?
Ans:I was cricket  champion  in college, that is my personal achievement, because at that time my performance was
not good and my team captain was sent down on number 7.in Final match 6 players were out in 3 over, 
then I got a chance for batting and I took 55 runs after winning. I was Player of the Match. It is a personal achievement.
